 - Cleaning company

 Our company acts as an agency where we provide personalised cleaners to our clients. We simply hire cleaners through our website and let our clients choose whom they wish to book by sending them pictures of our cleaners.

 The current system works in the following way and all this done manually:

 

 1.     Cleaners registrations

 a.     Cleaners register with us by filling in a simple online form

 b.     We receive a job application and respond to it with a request to send us their pictures and sign a contract

 c.     We keep cleaners records in a simple excel database and pictures in our local database

 2.     Bookings

 a.     The client makes a cleaning inquiry through the website. 

 b.     We receive booking inquiry via email and then send pics of cleaners depending on chosen cleaner's preferences (age etc)

 c.     Client decides on a cleaner and confirms whom they wish to book

 d.     We then get back to the selected cleaner to get confirmed if she/he are available on the booking time (cleaners are hired on freelance base, so it is always required to check)

 i.     If Yes - we confirm the booking by sending an invoice to the client to pay a deposit and a cleaning agreement to sign

 ii.    Not available - 

 1.     we ask when she/he next available and get back to the client with new details in order to find mutually accepted time as some clients are flexible and accept different times, 

 2.     some clients stick to their initial time, so we try to find available cleaners, which match clients requirements and send their pictures

 

 

 What we would like is to speed the booking process and remove the manual work required as much as possible. Our thoughts on the process are below but they are just our unprofessional ideas. 

 

 Work for us Page

 

 Cleaners would create their own personal profiles when registering with us and would be able to upload their pictures, which they could update at any time and which, once approved by admin get published on the site. They would also need to sign a contract and one copy would be sent to them and one to us for our records. Thinking of incorporating an online signing feature

 

 The Key in Work for us is to have cleaners information on their availability up to date, because the system later would choose who is available when there is a booking. The cleaners will be responsible for updating this information. If they state that they are available, but when the booking comes they cannot accept it, then the consequences will follow. We want to have a fully automated process flow, with no to little admin interference

 

 Services Page 

 

 On the services page we are thinking of having two maps with locations of our cleaners. The first one is available to see for everyone, the second is via paid access.

 

 1.     Freely accessible map with data points available for everyone coming to site to see: data point - Cleaners name, availability, age

 The reason for this that if someone wants to book a cleaner they can proceed with the booking from here, but they don’t have options to see how cleaners look, so we are limiting what is available to see. clients commit to the cleaning experience without being too fussy about who they book. However they should be able to book a person they see on this general map. I think there is plugin called advanced maps that does just like that, where clients can input their address and see who is around

 a.     Client searches for a cleaner and if available cleaners, lets say are further than 20 miles from them (yet to be decided on this distance) then the booking should be allowed for a minimum of two hours, otherwise 1 one hour or as clients wish

 

 b.     The map allows advanced filtering by:

 a.     Distance

 b.     Cleaners age

 c.     Figure type

 d.     Booking date and available cleaners, suggestion to change the date so see other cleaners, etc

 

 c.     Summary information on the available cleaners. i.e. in city such and such there are 20 cleaners age group 35-45. 

 

 

 The client chooses a cleaner, maybe even a couple with one being a primary choice and proceeds with the booking. He/She accepts the booking agreement by either ticking a box or electronically signing it and pays a deposit. Receives email confirmation via email with signed booking agreement. (agreement must be signed by us too, so need to think of ways of doing this) 

 

 *After the booking is made the system should (important - the system must not reveal client details to cleaners):

 1.     Send a confirmation email to the client, including an agreement and policy

 2.     Send a booking request (system generated sms?) to the chosen cleaner including a city the client is from, this is for cleaners information and the booking date and time as well as the length of the cleaning. 

 3.     Accept and log Confirmation/declination from the cleaner.

 4.     Send an email to admin with cleaners response. Admin must know what's going on with the booking

 5.     If booking is rejected by the cleaner, in the email to admin the system to include other 3 available cleaners from this/surrounding area and who are available on the chosen date and time. From the email allow sending bulk availability requests (sms) to the other cleaners. 

 6.     Accept and log responses from other cleaners.

 7.     Send responses to admin via email/sms

 8.     Ideally. When the cleaner is chosen, stop receiving responses from other cleaners and notify all the others. 

 If confirmed ? 

 9.     Send a booking Reminder email hh:mm before the booking

 

 Although this is a very automated way of taking bookings, it does, however needs to have availability to control it. 

 Admin should be able to see the progress of any booking at any time, as well as responses and rejections received. And available cleaners around the area of the client.

 

 

 2.     A premium map accessible with a fee

 a.     A fee of £5-10 to eliminate time wasters. The fee is deductible from the final deposit. 

 b.     On a map the cleaners are shown with their full profiles (need seting up), pictures included

 c.     Client books one cleaner

 d.     System allows:

 i.      filtering by the availability

 ii.    By location

 iii.   Age

 iv.    Booking for at least of two hours for cleaners that are further than 20 miles (yet to be decided)

 v.     Cleaning can be booked no earlier than 48 hours. Booking cleaning in less than 24 hours to cost more

 

 On and After the booking system to do the same as mentioned before (marked with *)

 

 Summary:

 

 We need one system that:

 1.     Collects information about cleaners

 2.     Feeds this information on the booking page

 3.     Displays cleaners information on two maps - one accessible to everyone, and on a premium map

 4.     Books cleaners

 5.     Communicates booking to cleaners anonymously

 6.     Maybe allows signing documents electronically

 7.     Updates admins on bookings

 8.     manages clients