Custom Numerology Calculator 

Application 1: 
1. There is a list of all alphabets which is associated with a number to compute destiny number. In this, all the numbers associated with the characters will be added to one number which will be our compound number. 
2. For the Destiny Number if the compound number is a single digit then the compound number will be our destiny number otherwise in case the number is in two or three digits, then all the digits will be added together till it gives a single-digit number. Also in the case of the compound number or destiny number, the total of digits comes to 11,22 or 33 then it won't be reduced to a single-digit number. 
2. For Dream Number, Only the consonants in the name will be considered. In this, all the consonant characters in the name will be considered and the associated number will be added to give a compound number. In the case of single-digit, it would be considered as a dream number otherwise the digits will be added till we have a one-digit number. Also, numbers 11,22, and 33 won't be reduced to a single digit. 
3. For Soul Urge Number, Only the Vowels in the text will be considered. In this, all the consonant characters in the name will be considered and the associated number will be added to give a compound number. In the case of single-digit, it would be considered as a soul urge number otherwise the digits will be added till we have a one-digit number. Also, numbers 11,22, and 33 won't be reduced to single digits. Inputs: Enter full name or first/middle/last name Full Name First Name Middle Name Last Name * Every Compound Number, Dream Number is associated with a text which should be displayed along with the results. 



Application 2 : In the previous scenario, we are entering names to get a different destiny, soul, or dream number. In this, we will take input in the following format and generate the possible combination of names First Name First Name Length First Name Starting With Middle Name Middle Name Length Last Name Last Name Length Compound Number Destiny Number Soul Urge Number Dream Number Note: Need source code and API to integrate into the website or app