Develop a dynamic website “Digital Library”. 
The website is offering digital access to library resources (books, textbooks, workbooks). 
It has two types of users: Librarian and Borrower (regular user). 
Both types of users should have options to register or login into the system. 

The Librarian can: 
Insert resource into the system; 
View the resources; 
Search for a resource (ISBN, Title, Author, Status); 
Change the status of the resource. 
The Librarian should also be able to list all borrowed resources, all extended borrowings, and all available resources. 


The Borrower can: 
List all available resources in the system that s/he has borrowed; 
List the resources that he/she has borrowed and is currently borrowing; 
Search for a resource; Borrow a resource; and Extend the borrowing period (for borrowed resource). 
When the user borrows a resource, should note the duration of the borrowing and date when the borrowing will be ceased and the cost of the borrowing. 
When the borrower extends the borrowing period, should indicate the duration of the extension and get a new due date of the borrowings and the cost that needs to be paid. 

For every user (Librarian or Borrower) 
there should be information about: ID, Name, Surname, Phone, e-mail, and Type (librarian or borrower). 
For every resource there should be information about: BookNo, ISBN, Title, Author, Publisher, Status, regular cost per day and extended cost per day (for extended borrowing). 
When searching the resource (for both types of users) there should be options to search by combination of ISBN, Title, Author, or Status. 
The user can enter only part of the searching string




Requirements 

.1. Design Requirements The website should have interfaces for: 
- Registering/Login the users; 
- Insert resources, - Search resources (by a combination of ISBN, Title, Author, or Status); 
- List all resources; 
- List all borrowed/extended/available resources; 
- Borrow resource (with an indication for the length of the borrowing, and a notice of the date when borrowing will be ceased and overall costs); 
- Extend borrowing (with an indication for the length of extension and a notice for the cost for the extended borrowing). 

2. Functionalities 
— All users should be able to register into the system; 
— All users should be able to login into the system; 
— All users should be able to logout; 
— The Librarian should be +le to insert resource into the system; 
— The Librarian should be able to list: all, available, borrowed, or extended resources; 
— The Librarian should be able to change the status of the resource; 
— The Borrower should be able to list: all available resources, all resources that he/she has borrowed or is currently borrowing; 
— The Borrower should be able to borrow a resource with an indication for the duration of the borrowing and overall cost;
— The Borrower should be able to extend the borrowing period with an indication for the new due date of the borrowing and the cost. 


