---------------------------------------------
User management system 
---------------------------------------------

Must be secure. Allow user creation, delete, edit and add

user level (admin / standard) assignment. The entire system will only be accessible to logged in users. In terms of main functionality, system database consists of the following tables: - Company - Contact - Contact History - Industry - Sector - Country Country

- Admins can add / delete / edit country names Industry 
- Admins can add / delete / edit industry names Sectors - Sectors are sub-sets of industry and each industry will have a number of sectors. Sectors shouldn't be duplicated across industries. 

All users
can add sector names, but when users add sectors, they should be checked against duplication. Only admins can delete / edit sector names or place them under a different industry. 

Company - Has a number of fields. Each company is linked to 1 country, multiple
languages, 1 industry, multiple sectors. 
All users can add / edit companies. Only admins can delete a company. Each company can have 0 to multiple contacts. 
A company can have a direct contact history (in the case of 0 contacts) or contact history associated with each contact. 

Contact - Each contact has a number of fields. Each contact may be linked to multiple companies, multiple sectors. All users can add / edit contacts. 
Only admins can delete a contact. Each contact can multiple contact histories associated
with each company or as an individual. 

Contact History - All users can add a contact history entry. Only admins and the user who added the entry can edit it. Only admins can delete a contact history entry. Each contact history entry is tied to a contact and/or company. 

Reporting functionality: 
1. Search for companies and contacts based on keywords. Filtering results by industry, sector, country and/or language. 
2. Admins should be able to run the following reports for each user: 
(a) Contacts and companies added
each month 
(b) Number of contact history entries made each month. Filtering results by specific fields within the contact history